what is up guys and today we're gonna be
checking out the new champion weapon
skins as most of you know champions now
have a guaranteed loot bag drop that has
lots of goodies inside things like skill
points materials and lodestones
but also these unique skins to get these
weapons all you have to do is go to the
Trading Post and buy them or go kill the
champion that drops the skin anyways
here are the skins
[Music]
I know you're a monster
so what is your favorite skins and what
you're gonna be aiming for a lot of
these are quite expensive and some of
them are actually pretty cheap for me I
like a lot of the hammers the hammers
look really good and since I'm a
guardian I can actually use a hammer and
I haven't been using a hammer at all so
maybe with a good skin I might want to
try that out as well like some of the
swords as well the cobalt and the one
that looks like the FEI blade a little
purple one that looks perfect on the
Mesmer definitely anyways guys I hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you did
give me a like share with your friends
leave a comment say what's up in a
comment section below and stay visual